docs(*) fix versions in links TD-12 (#1130)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/0.31-x/kong-architecture-patterns.md

Access to the [Kong Admin API can be secured in a couple of different ways](/0.12.x/secure-admin-api/). Depending on your needs you would lock it down to localhost on the machine it is running on, use the firewall to prevent access from anyone outside your network, or proxy the Admin API through Kong itself, and secure it using one of the authentication plugins.

With Kong Enterprise you also have the option of using Role Based Access Control (RBAC) to shape fine grained access for your team, and co-workers. [RBAC in Kong](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/plugins/rbac-api/) is used to create roles with defined permissions; roles are then assigned to users who are limited in what they can and cannot do by the permissions. Roles could be created for read-only roles; for when you want to let co-workers look, but not edit, the configuration. You could also create roles for different teams; giving them access to edit and update only their APIs.

## Multi-datacenter with Cassandra

> Application availability is important, and high availability can be achieved by configuring Kong in a multi-datacenter setup using [Apache Cassandra](/about/faq/#apache-cassandra) as the backing datastore. In this configuration each geographically disparate datacenter is host to at least three Kong nodes, and the appropriate number of Cassandra nodes.

Reviewer: This link jumps to the top of the page, not to a specific FAQ.

Author: ```suggestion
Application availability is important, and high availability can be achieved by configuring Kong in a multi-datacenter setup using [Apache Cassandra](https://konghq.com/faqs/#apache-cassandra) as the backing datastore. In this configuration each geographically disparate datacenter is host to at least three Kong nodes, and the appropriate number of Cassandra nodes.
```

Author: The is now on `konghq.com` instead of the `docs.` subdomain; fixing for all.

> Application availability is important, and high availability can be achieved by configuring Kong in a multi-datacenter setup using [Apache Cassandra](/about/faq/#apache-cassandra) as the backing datastore. In this configuration each geographically disparate datacenter is host to at least three Kong nodes, and the appropriate number of Cassandra nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
Application availability is important, and high availability can be achieved by configuring Kong in a multi-datacenter setup using [Apache Cassandra](https://konghq.com/faqs/#apache-cassandra) as the backing datastore. In this configuration each geographically disparate datacenter is host to at least three Kong nodes, and the appropriate number of Cassandra nodes.
```

Author: n.b. @jeveleth
